Introduce crds directory for compatibility with Helm v3 (#738)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/quickstart.md

### Helm chart

Alternatively, the operator can be installed by using the provided [Helm](https://helm.sh/)
chart which saves you the manual steps. Clone this repo and change directory to
the repo root. With helm3 installed you should be able to run

```bash
bash-3.2$ helm install postgres-operator ./charts/postgres-operator
manifest_sorter.go:175: info: skipping unknown hook: "crd-install"  # helm v2/v3 compatibility fix, dont worry
manifest_sorter.go:175: info: skipping unknown hook: "crd-install"  # helm v2/v3 compatibility fix, dont worry
NAME: postgres-operator
LAST DEPLOYED: Wed Nov 27 13:14:37 2019
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1

# Verify that the operator is running
bash-3.2$ kubectl get pods -l "app.kubernetes.io/name=postgres-operator" --all-namespaces
NAMESPACE   NAME                                READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
default     postgres-operator-dbdd565d6-6l9hl   1/1     Running   0          104s

> ```

Reviewer: You can remove this paragraph. It's already covered later.

To use CRD-based configuration you need to specify the [values-crd yaml file](../charts/postgres-operator/values-crd.yaml).

```bash

> helm install postgres-operator ./charts/postgres-operator --values ./charts/postgres-operator/values-crd.yaml

Reviewer: `--values` doesn't work in helm v3. But `-f` does (I think also in helm2).

Author: `--values` should still be fine https://github.com/helm/helm/blob/master/cmd/helm/install.go#L44
but I like `-f` better actually

```

> The chart works with both helm2 and helm3. Documentation for installing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chart works with both Helm 2 and Helm 3. Documentation for installing
```
